PAUL LEWIS: So I had this idea.
Let me backtrack.
I'm building the Chrome Dev
Summit website, and I love it.
I've built it a couple
of times before.
And I love this
bit, because I've
got all the designs and wire
frames-- I did those myself.
But I'm about to
start the build.
And I was like, well, look.
There may be stuff in there that
people actually want to see.
So why don't I make
these videos where
I show you what I'm working
on, what's going on.
The code will be going
in to GitHub anyway.
And then if there's things
in there that I'm thinking,
or bugs I find, then I
can record it, share that,
and we can go on a bit
of a journey together.
So subscribe to the
channel, if you want to.
There will probably
be a playlist
with just these videos in.
And I will share what I'm doing.
And obviously, you can type in
the comments or whatever else.
And we'll ship the Chrome Dev
Summit 2016 website together,
sort of, with me
doing the coding.
[MUSIC PLAYING]